# Posts from 2022

_28 posts_  
[← Index](../../README.md)

- **2022-12-13** · [Get your hands on our first ever SurrealDB stickers!](../2022/12/get-your-hands-on-our-first-ever-surrealdb-stickers.md)  
  `community` — Want to get your hands on our first ever limited-edition SurrealDB stickers 🌈❄️👀 We would love to learn how you are using SurrealDB!
- **2022-11-25** · [We are hiring!](../2022/11/we-are-hiring.md)  
  `company` — We are a startup with an ambitious mission to build the ultimate multi-model database for tomorrow’s applications. We are seeking to hire the best - people who care deeply about the work they do, and care about the people with whom they create and promote the product.
- **2022-10-01** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.8](../2022/10/release-v1-0-0-beta-8.md)  
  `releases` — We know you've been waiting for it! And SurrealDB's beta 8 is finally here!
- **2022-09-17** · [Beyond Surreal? A closer look at NewSQL Relational Data.](../2022/09/beyond-surreal-a-closer-look-at-newsql-relational-data.md)  
  `community` — Thank you very much Fireship once again for another brilliant video on SurrealDB! We really, really appreciate it!
- **2022-09-17** · [#2 on Hacker News](../2022/09/2-on-hacker-news.md)  
  `community` — #2 on Hacker News... There won't be much sleep once again for Jaime and Tobie this weekend! Thank you once again for all the support over the past 3 weeks!
- **2022-09-17** · [10,000 thank yous!](../2022/09/10000-thank-yous.md)  
  `community` — ⭐ 10,000 GitHub stars in 4 weeks! We are utterly blown away! Thank you so, so much to the SurrealDB and dev communities for your amazing support! This is only the start of the SurrealDB journey! We have so much more to come! ⭐
- **2022-09-16** · [Thank you Fireship!](../2022/09/thank-you-fireship.md)  
  `community` — Thank you very much Fireship for the 📹 video on SurrealDB! We really appreciate it!
- **2022-09-16** · [We think we have broken GitHub...](../2022/09/we-think-we-have-broken-github.md)  
  `community` — Thank you once again for all the love and support over the last 24 hours! SurrealDB is currently the No. 1 📈 AND No. 2 📈 trending public repository on GitHub worldwide! We think we have broken GitHub 😵!
- **2022-09-12** · [5000 thank yous](../2022/09/5000-thank-yous.md)  
  `community` — ⭐ 5000 GitHub stars in 3 weeks! Wow! We are blown away! Thank you, thank you, thank you to the SurrealDB and dev communities for your amazing support! ⭐
- **2022-09-10** · [Rust Powered Database SurrealDB (It's Pretty Ambitious)](../2022/09/rust-powered-database-surrealdb-its-pretty-ambitious.md)  
  `community` — Thank you very much to Code to the Moon for the YouTube video tour of the query language and capabilities of SurrealDB!
- **2022-09-06** · [Getting started with SurrealDB](../2022/09/getting-started-with-surrealdb.md)  
  `community` — Thank you very much to Chris Hay, CTO at IBM iX for his excellent, thorough video on SurrealDB. We are looking forward to the sequel!
- **2022-09-02** · [Just released SurrealDB for Windows!](../2022/09/just-released-surrealdb-for-windows.md)  
  `releases` — The easiest and preferred way to get going with SurrealDB on Windows is to install and use the SurrealDB command-line tool. Run the following command in your terminal and follow the on-screen instructions...
- **2022-08-29** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.7](../2022/08/release-v1-0-0-beta-7.md)  
  `releases` — Add support for Objects and Arrays as Record IDs, add support for querying records using Record ID ranges, add SQL <code>session<\/code> functions for retrieving session variables, make <code>--ns<\/code> and <code>--db<\/code> arguments optional in command-line REPL, and much more.
- **2022-08-24** · [No. 1 GitHub trending repository!](../2022/08/no-1-github-trending-repository.md)  
  `community` — Absolutely shocked and honoured to reach the No. 1 trending public repository on GitHub worldwide. Thank you to everyone who has shown interest in SurrealDB and helped us reach 2500 GitHub stars!
- **2022-08-22** · [No. 1 on Reddit's Programming subreddit 🔥 'Hot' list](../2022/08/no-1-on-reddits-programming-subreddit--hot-list.md)  
  `community` — Thank you for all the comments, feedback and support on the SurrealDB post on Reddit's 4.5 million member-strong Programming subreddit. We are honoured to have made No. 1 on the 🔥 'Hot' list.
- **2022-08-22** · [Honoured to be #4 on the front page of Hacker News](../2022/08/honoured-to-be-4-on-the-front-page-of-hacker-news.md)  
  `community` — Wow!!! We really can't believe this!!! We are absolutely buzzing to make it onto the front page of Hacker News, and to get to number 4, no less! 😍
- **2022-08-20** · [SurrealDB on Reddit Rust](../2022/08/surrealdb-on-reddit-rust.md)  
  `community` — Thank you for all the comments, feedback and support on the SurrealDB post on Reddit's Rust subreddit. We are honoured to have made the 🔥 'Hot' list.
- **2022-08-13** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.6](../2022/08/release-v1-0-0-beta-6.md)  
  `releases` — Add command-line SurrealQL REPL for quick querying of a database, log username at server startup when root authentication is enabled, enable SurrealDB server to be configured using environment variables, implement config definition key and value caching within a transaction, and much more.
- **2022-08-05** · [Thank you!](../2022/08/thank-you.md)  
  `community` — Thank you to our SurrealDB stargazers for helping us pass 100 GitHub stars! It’s early days, but we greatly appreciate it!
- **2022-08-04** · [Indie Hackers launch](../2022/08/indie-hackers-launch.md)  
  `company` — Thank you for all the comments, feedback and support on our SurrealDB 'launch' post on IndieHackers.com. We are honoured to have made the 'Popular' list!
- **2022-08-04** · [Client libraries live!](../2022/08/client-libraries-live.md)  
  `engineering` — We’re happy to announce that initial server side documentation for Node.js, Golang and Deno, along with client side documentation for JavaScript is LIVE!
- **2022-08-03** · [Why use SurrealDB?](../2022/08/why-use-surrealdb.md)  
  `tutorials` — SurrealDB is an innovative NewSQL cloud database, suitable for serverless applications, jamstack applications, single-page applications, and traditional applications. It is unmatched in its versatility and financial value, with the ability for deployment on cloud, on-premise, embedded, and edge computing environments.
- **2022-08-01** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.5](../2022/08/release-v1-0-0-beta-5.md)  
  `releases` — Temporarily disable HTTP response compression, improve <code>surreal import<\/code> and <code>surreal export<\/code> cli commands, and more...
- **2022-07-28** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.4](../2022/07/release-v1-0-0-beta-4.md)  
  `releases` — Add new strict mode to SurrealDB server, ensure default table permissions are set to <code>NONE<\/code> not <code>FULL<\/code>, and more...
- **2022-07-24** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.3](../2022/07/release-v1-0-0-beta-3.md)  
  `releases` — Log root authentication configuration status on server startup, ensure CORS headers are set on all HTTP responses even when request fails with an error, and more...
- **2022-07-21** · [Documentation is live](../2022/07/documentation-is-live.md)  
  `company` `releases` — We’re happy to announce that our SurrealDB Documentation is LIVE! Installation, setup, datatypes, querying, connectivity, advanced functionality. It's all here.
- **2022-07-20** · [Dreaming of something better](../2022/07/dreaming-of-something-better.md)  
  `company` `featured` — WE ARE LIVE!!! After 7 years of conceptualising, planning, designing and developing, our #opensource scalable cloud graph database SurrealDB is now in open beta to the world!
- **2022-07-20** · [Release v1.0.0-beta.2](../2022/07/release-v1-0-0-beta-2.md)  
  `releases` — Improve command-line logging output, enable new <code>--log<\/code> argument for specifying server log level, hide default randomly-generated server password, and more...
