# Posts from 2024

_44 posts_  
[← Index](../../README.md)

- **2024-12-13** · [Your personal Surreal Sidekick](../2024/12/your-personal-surreal-sidekick.md)  
  `releases` `featured` `company` — With the recent release of Surreal Cloud (beta) and the introduction of the Surreal Cloud panel in Surrealist, we introduced a brand new tool to help you increase your SurrealDB productivity.
- **2024-11-27** · [What's new in Surrealist 3.1](../2024/11/whats-new-in-surrealist-3-1.md)  
  `releases` `featured` — Explore the key features of the Surrealist 3.1 release
- **2024-11-21** · [SurrealDB 2.1.0 is live!](../2024/11/surrealdb-2-1-0-is-live.md)  
  `releases` — We are excited to announce the release of SurrealDB 2.1.0, our latest version of our scalable cloud graph database.
- **2024-10-21** · [Aeon's Surreal Renaissance: Learn SurrealDB Through a Story](../2024/10/aeons-surreal-renaissance-learn-surrealdb-through-a-story.md)  
  `releases` `featured` — An immersive and interactive story that makes learning about SurrealDB as exciting as reading your favourite book.
- **2024-10-15** · [SurrealDB Empowers Developers to Build Applications with the Launch of SurrealDB University](../2024/10/surrealdb-empowers-developers-to-build-applications-with-the-launch-of-surrealdb-university.md)  
  `releases` `featured` `company` — Access to this comprehensive course provides any developer with the education and documentation needed to quickly and successfully build applications on SurrealDB in as little as three hours
- **2024-09-17** · [SurrealDB Delivers Future-Ready Database Technology for Developers and Enterprises with Release of SurrealDB 2.0 ](../2024/09/surrealdb-delivers-future-ready-database-technology-for-developers-and-enterprises-with-release-of-surrealdb-2-0.md)  
  `releases` `featured` `company` — Powerful new features introduce advanced stability, performance, security and data management capabilities to build enterprise-ready applications
- **2024-09-17** · [Surrealist 3.0 is now available!](../2024/09/surrealist-3-0-is-now-available.md)  
  `releases` `featured` — We are excited to announce the latest major iteration of Surrealist
- **2024-09-17** · [Challenge accepted: announcing SurrealDB 2.0](../2024/09/challenge-accepted-announcing-surrealdb-2-0.md)  
  `releases` `featured` `company` — With the massive community adoption that followed came massive expectations and challenges to live up to these expectations.
- **2024-09-02** · [Surrealist 3.0 beta](../2024/09/surrealist-3-0-beta.md)  
  `releases` — We are thrilled to announce that the first beta release for Surrealist 3.0 is now available.
- **2024-08-28** · [Building a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) App with OpenAI and SurrealDB](../2024/08/building-a-retrieval-augmented-generation-app-with-openai-and-surrealdb.md)  
  `engineering` `tutorials` — We'll build an assistant that can answer questions based on Wikipedia information, using the GPT Turbo model from OpenAI
- **2024-08-20** · [It’s about time: time series in SurrealDB](../2024/08/its-about-time-time-series-in-surrealdb.md)  
  `engineering` `tutorials` — What is time anyway
- **2024-07-25** · [Moving from Full-Text search to Vector search in SurrealDB](../2024/07/moving-from-full-text-search-to-vector-search-in-surrealdb.md)  
  `engineering` — If you know exactly what you’re searching for Full-Text Search would be the way to go but when you want your search to understand you, Vector Search might be right for you.
- **2024-07-16** · [Real-Time Data Science: Orchestrating Insights with the Right Ensemble](../2024/07/real-time-data-science-orchestrating-insights-with-the-right-ensemble.md)  
  `engineering` `tutorials` — Building real-time analytics leveraging OLAP, multi-model databases and workload isolation.
- **2024-06-24** · [Celebrating milestones and looking forward](../2024/06/celebrating-milestones-and-looking-forward.md)  
  `company` `featured` — Last week was awesome for our team at SurrealDB! It feels like the perfect time to pause and reflect on the whirlwind of achievements, all of which signal exciting times ahead for our company. We are incredibly proud to share some major milestones we've hit, and we want to extend our deepest gratitude to everyone who has been part of this journey to date.
- **2024-06-17** · [SurrealDB Raises $20M to Disrupt Database Tech; Introduces New Cloud Beta Access](../2024/06/surrealdb-raises-20m-to-disrupt-database-tech-introduces-new-cloud-beta-access.md)  
  `company` `featured` — London, United Kingdom June 18, 2024, SurrealDB, the ultimate multi-model database, today announced a $20 million investment round led by FirstMark and Georgian with participation from Crew Capital and Alumni Ventures. This latest round of funding brings SurrealDB’s total to $26 million.
- **2024-06-14** · [Surrealist just got better - Update now!](../2024/06/surrealist-just-got-better--update-now.md)  
  `releases` — This article dives into the Surrealist 2.1.2 release, highlights some technical changes, and explains why you will have to download this release manually
- **2024-06-13** · [Our new demo dataset has a lot in store for you!](../2024/06/our-new-demo-dataset-has-a-lot-in-store-for-you.md)  
  `releases` `tutorials` — But Wait, There's More!
- **2024-06-04** · [What's new in Surrealist 2.1](../2024/06/whats-new-in-surrealist-2-1.md)  
  `releases` — Explore the key features of the Surrealist 2.1 release
- **2024-05-17** · [Introducing Surreal<Any>: Dynamic Support for any Engine in Rust](../2024/05/introducing-surrealany-dynamic-support-for-any-engine-in-rust.md)  
  `engineering` `tutorials` — Understand what is a `Surreal<Any>` engine and how you can use it in your Rust code.
- **2024-05-14** · [v1.5.0 is live!🎉](../2024/05/v1-5-0-is-live.md)  
  `releases` — This new release comes with performance updates and new additions to Vector Search
- **2024-05-09** · [Why SurrealDB is the Future of Database Technology - An In-Depth Look](../2024/05/why-surrealdb-is-the-future-of-database-technology--an-in-depth-look.md)  
  `community` `tutorials` — The people who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do
- **2024-05-01** · [Surrealist 2.0](../2024/05/surrealist-2-0.md)  
  `releases` `featured` — An important part of each database is the ability to easily and effortlessly control each aspect of the database. While this may appear trivial at first, it actually encompasses a wide set of different tasks. For this reason Surrealist has officially joined SurrealDB as the official management interface.
- **2024-04-23** · [The Surrealist Journey](../2024/04/the-surrealist-journey.md)  
  `company` — Interacting with a database is not an easy job. You’ll often find yourself needing to query patterns in your data, testing whether your queries have the intended outcome, or carefully designing a schema to suit your application. This was a natural hurdle I ran into when first adopting SurrealDB into my workflow, and is exactly why I built Surrealist.
- **2024-04-22** · [Introducing Surrealist](../2024/04/introducing-surrealist.md)  
  `releases` — Dive into why this mobile software development company chose to migrate to our multi-model database.
- **2024-04-15** · [ELI5 - Why SurrealDB, explained through building with LEGO](../2024/04/eli5--why-surrealdb-explained-through-building-with-lego.md)  
  `community` `tutorials` — Can databases inspire a sense of child-like play?
- **2024-04-09** · [v1.4.0 is live! 🎉](../2024/04/v1-4-0-is-live.md)  
  `releases` — This new release comes with bug fixes, performance improvements, and feature updates to -insert thing-
- **2024-03-26** · [Exploring the AI revolution](../2024/03/exploring-the-ai-revolution.md)  
  `tutorials` — Looking to keep up-to-date with what's next in Generative AI and LLMs? We've got you covered.
- **2024-03-25** · [Document-Style Relationships in SurrealDB](../2024/03/document-style-relationships-in-surrealdb.md)  
  `tutorials` — Your feedback matters! We’re introducing short-form video tutorials.
- **2024-03-17** · [How to simplify your tech stack](../2024/03/how-to-simplify-your-tech-stack.md)  
  `tutorials` — Oscar Merry talks about powering a social podcasting app, Fountain, using SurrealDB.
- **2024-03-15** · [Understanding CBOR](../2024/03/understanding-cbor.md)  
  `engineering` `tutorials` — JSON is the popular kid in school, but CBOR is the new kid who's smaller, faster, and has more tricks up its sleeve!
- **2024-03-13** · [Why we are betting on Rust](../2024/03/why-we-are-betting-on-rust.md)  
  `engineering` `company` — The best way to predict the future is to create it.
- **2024-03-12** · [v1.3.0 is live! 🎉](../2024/03/v1-3-0-is-live.md)  
  `releases` — This new release comes with bug fixes, performance improvements, and feature updates to our define & remove statements and KNN syntax.
- **2024-03-09** · [Introducing SurrealDB's custom emoji pack](../2024/03/introducing-surrealdbs-custom-emoji-pack.md)  
  `community` — If the Internet has enabled us to communicate beyond boundaries in real-time, emojis helped it by making them the universal language of expression.
- **2024-03-08** · [From medical doctor to rust developer - interview with our new Senior Clinical Research Fellow](../2024/03/from-medical-doctor-to-rust-developer--interview-with-our-new-senior-clinical-research-fellow.md)  
  `community` — Read about her journey and why she is using SurrealDB for her current research.
- **2024-02-21** · [Thinking Inside The Box: Relational Style Joins in SurrealDB](../2024/02/thinking-inside-the-box-relational-style-joins-in-surrealdb.md)  
  `tutorials` — SurrealDB's relational style joins exist in a superposition. The only way to know for sure is by looking at this blog post.
- **2024-02-06** · [v1.2.0-beta.1 is live! 🎉](../2024/02/v1-2-0-beta-1-is-live.md)  
  `releases` — This new release comes with bug fixes, performance improvements, and feature updates to string methods, support for READONLY fields and type support for subfields.
- **2024-02-01** · [We're hiring](../2024/02/were-hiring.md)  
  `company` — We're hiring! Join SurrealDB as we continue to shape the future of database technology! We're on the lookout for exceptional individuals - those who are passionate about their craft and equally passionate about the team they work with to develop and promote groundbreaking technology.
- **2024-01-29** · [Beyond SQL Joins: Exploring SurrealDB's Multi-Model Relationships](../2024/01/beyond-sql-joins-exploring-surrealdbs-multi-model-relationships.md)  
  `tutorials` — Can't join? No worries, we can relate.
- **2024-01-23** · [VART: A Persistent Data Structure For Snapshot Isolation](../2024/01/vart-a-persistent-data-structure-for-snapshot-isolation.md)  
  `engineering` — The blog introduces VART, an Immutable Versioned Adaptive Radix Trie, designed for snapshot isolation in databases (surrealKV), exploring isolation levels, concurrency control.
- **2024-01-14** · [Integrate Auth0 as an Authentication provider](../2024/01/integrate-auth0-as-an-authentication-provider.md)  
  `tutorials` — This guide will cover using Auth0 as the authentication provider for single-page web applications using SurrealDB as the only backend.
- **2024-01-12** · [Introducing our new monthly release schedule](../2024/01/introducing-our-new-monthly-release-schedule.md)  
  `releases` `company` — We are excited to announce a change in our product release schedule, with a regular monthly release cycle, allowing developers and organisations to build on top of SurrealDB, with predictable timelines for software improvements and fixes.
- **2024-01-10** · [Live Queries in Rust](../2024/01/live-queries-in-rust.md)  
  `tutorials` `engineering` — SurrealDB comes with a LIVE SELECT statement that allows you to listen for creations, updates and deletions to specific records you are interested in or entire tables.
- **2024-01-09** · [Release v1.1.0](../2024/01/release-v1-1-0.md)  
  `releases` — We're excited to announce SurrealDB v1.1.0, with many performance improvements, bug fixes, and new features, and native machine learning computation, right within the database.
- **2024-01-09** · [Introducing Nightly and Beta Rust Crates](../2024/01/introducing-nightly-and-beta-rust-crates.md)  
  `releases` `engineering` `company` — We are pleased to announce two additional Rust crates, surrealdb-nightly and surrealdb-beta. These crates are designed to complement the surrealdb crate.
